500 million signing fee
Are you going to empty my house?
Mom, I think
If we spend so much time with him
It must have spent more than it does now.
Having said that
But Wuyi is not a small sum
Du Chen signed a contract with a talented woman
It must be the Lin family behind it
It's going to get him the contract
Our Du family is doomed
That makes sense.
Never let Du Chen sign a talented and beautiful woman
What 800 million
Is Du Chenchen crazy?
I think he's serious and must be dead
Hmph, wait until I get the talented woman
Be sure to humiliate him
And so forth.
Mom, this signing ceremony is about to end
If we don't act, it's all over
Invest 1 billion
I'm going to let him die completely
It's over, the Starshine ships are willing to spend 1 billion money to win
We must lose
Du Feiyun doesn't have that much money
It must be Sun Yuehong behind the scenes
Mr. Du, what should we do now?
Starshine Media spent 1 billion funds to sign talented women
It will definitely attract more top live streaming hosts in the future
Resident flower 1 billion
Billions of live streaming hosts about to explode
No matter how much Du Feiyun invests, he will lose everything
Lu Chen
Wei Min is too crazy to say this, right?